Whatever I WANT! GOSH!
Last week, Japanese scientists explaced... placed explosive detonators at the bottom of Lake Loch Ness to blow Nessie out of the water. Sir Godfrey of the Nessie Alliance summoned the help of Scotland's local wizards to cast a protective spell over the lake and its local residents and all those who seek for the peaceful existence of our underwater ally.
Grandma just called and said you're supposed to go home.
Too bad, she said she doesn't want you here when she gets back because you've been ruining everybody's lives and eating all our steak.
Get off my property!
Get off my property or I'll call the cops on you.
Maybe I will, GOSH!
Pedro offers you his protection.
Sorry I'm late. I just got done taming a wild honeymoon stallion for you guys.
Who are you?
What are you doing here?
Kip?
I've been practicing.
Some dance moves.
Do the chickens have large talons?
Large talons.
I told you! I spent it with my uncle in Alaska hunting wolverines!
Yes, like 50 of 'em! They kept trying to attack my cousins, what the heck would you do in a situation like that?
A freakin' 12-gauge, what do you think?
So, we're pretty much friends by now, right?
So, you got my back and everything, right?
You know, there's like a butt-load of gangs at this school. This one gang kept wanting me to join because I'm pretty good with a bo staff.
This is pretty much the worst video ever made.
You guys are retarded!
A liger.
It's pretty much my favorite animal. It's like a lion and a tiger mixed... bred for its skills in magic.
I wish you'd get out of my life and shut up!
I could make that much money in five seconds!
Why don't you go eat a decroded piece of crap!
I caught you a delicious bass.
You don't have to stay here with us, we're not babies.
Kip is like 32 years old.
I spent like three hours doing shading the upper lip. It's probably the best drawing I've ever done.
Tina, come get some ham.
I already made like infinity of those at scout camp.
What the heck are you even talking about?
The worst day of my life, what do you think?
Yeah, hold on... I forgot to put in the crystals.
I like your sleeves. They're real big.
So you and Pedro getting really serious now?
?k. Bye!
Deb just called me. She pretty much hates me by now.
Because my uncle Rico's an IDIOT.
No. Not unless she likes fish.
Gosh!
